README.md, before:

# Laravel Imageoptimizer

[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/approached/laravel-image-optimizer/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/approached/laravel-image-optimizer)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/approached/laravel-image-optimizer/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/approached/laravel-image-optimizer)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/approached/laravel-image-optimizer/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/approached/laravel-image-optimizer)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/approached/laravel-image-optimizer.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/approached/laravel-image-optimizer)

With this package you can easy optimize your image in **laravel 5.x** or **lumen**. Read the google instruction https://developers.google.com/speed/docs/insights/OptimizeImages about image optimize.


## Installation

Recommend convert packages:
```bash
sudo apt-get install pngquant gifsicle jpegoptim
```

Require this package with composer:
```
composer require approached/laravel-image-optimizer
```

After updating composer, add the ServiceProvider to the providers array in config/app.php
```php
Approached\LaravelImageOptimizer\ServiceProvider::class,
or
'Approached\LaravelImageOptimizer\ServiceProvider'
```

Copy the package config to your local config with the publish command:
```
php artisan vendor:publish
```

## Demo

On uploading a file:
```php
public function store(Request $request, ImageOptimizer $imageOptimizer)
    {
        $picture = $request->file('picture');

        // optimize
        $imageOptimizer->optimizeUploadedImageFile($picture);

        // save
        Storage::put('/my/cool/path/test.jog', File::get($picture));
        
        ...
    }
```

## Extension

- On-demand image manipulation [alcodo/powerimage](https://github.com/alcodo/powerimage)
- Gallery  [alcodo/gallery](https://github.com/alcodo/gallery)

## License
MIT

Commit message:

add AutoImageOptimizer middleware and update rdme (#21)

README.md, after:

# Laravel Imageoptimizer

[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/approached/laravel-image-optimizer/license)](https://packagist.org/packages/approached/laravel-image-optimizer)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/approached/laravel-image-optimizer/v/stable)](https://packagist.org/packages/approached/laravel-image-optimizer)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/approached/laravel-image-optimizer/downloads)](https://packagist.org/packages/approached/laravel-image-optimizer)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/approached/laravel-image-optimizer.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/approached/laravel-image-optimizer)

With this package you can easy optimize your image in **laravel 5.x** or **lumen**. Read the google instruction https://developers.google.com/speed/docs/insights/OptimizeImages about image optimize.

## Installation

Recommend convert packages:
```bash
sudo apt-get install pngquant gifsicle jpegoptim
```

- Require this package with composer:
```
composer require approached/laravel-image-optimizer
```

- After updating composer, add the ServiceProvider to the providers array in `config/app.php`
```php
Approached\LaravelImageOptimizer\ServiceProvider::class,
// or
'Approached\LaravelImageOptimizer\ServiceProvider'
```

- Copy the package config to your local config with the publish command:
```
php artisan vendor:publish
```

- If you want to run the imageOptimizer automatically for all the uploaded images

    * first add the middleware to `app/Http/Kernel.php`
    ```php
    protected $routeMiddleware = [
        // ...
        'autoImageOptimizer'  => \Approached\LaravelImageOptimizer\Middleware\AutoImageOptimizer::class,
    ];
    ```

    * next add it to to your route/controller
    ```php
    // App\Http\Controllers\UserController
    public function __construct()
    {
        $this->middleware('autoImageOptimizer');
    }
    ```

## Demo

On uploading a file:
```php
public function store(Request $request, ImageOptimizer $imageOptimizer)
    {
        $picture = $request->file('picture');

        // optimize
        $imageOptimizer->optimizeUploadedImageFile($picture);

        // save
        Storage::put('/my/cool/path/test.jog', File::get($picture));

        ...
    }
```

## Extension

- On-demand image manipulation [alcodo/powerimage](https://github.com/alcodo/powerimage)
- Gallery  [alcodo/gallery](https://github.com/alcodo/gallery)

## License
MIT
